README.md, before:

# MiDas Converter
Utility to convert RGB frames into depth frames by using MiDas.

![](images/office-demo.jpg)

*Office demo image by [fauxels](https://www.pexels.com/@fauxels) from Pexels*

### Installation
It is recommended to use a seperate Python envrionment ([virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/)) and Python 3.6.7.

1. Download and install the [OpenVINO framework](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/tools/openvino-toolkit.html).
2. Run the following script to install the models, convert them and setup the environment:

```bash
setup.bat
```

### Usage

First of all setup the OpenVINO environmnet:

```bash
"C:\Program Files (x86)\IntelSWTools\openvino\bin\setupvars.bat"
```

Either use a predefined batch script to run the examples or call the demo itself.

```bash
# demo
run.bat

# on your own image
python monodepth_demo.py -m public\midasnet\FP32\midasnet.xml -i yourimage.jpg
```

There is also a live webcam-feed inference example.

```bash
run_webcam.bat
```

### About

The [MiDas network](https://github.com/intel-isl/MiDaS) and the pre-trained weights are part of the [Intel ISL](https://github.com/intel-isl). This repository just adds some scripts and utilties to work with it.

Commit message:

fixed openvino init call and removed unencessary files

README.md, after:

# MiDas Converter
Utility to convert RGB frames into depth frames by using MiDas.

![](images/office-demo.jpg)

*Office demo image by [fauxels](https://www.pexels.com/@fauxels) from Pexels*

### Installation
It is recommended to use a seperate Python envrionment ([virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/)) and Python 3.6.7 (Windows 10).

1. Download and install the [OpenVINO framework](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/tools/openvino-toolkit.html).
2. Run the following script to install the models, convert them and setup the environment:

```bash
# one-script setup of the full environment (grab a coffee ☕)
setup.bat
```

### Converting

Either use a predefined batch script to run the examples or call the demo itself.

```bash
# demo
run.bat

# on your own image
python monodepth_demo.py -m public\midasnet\FP32\midasnet.xml -i yourimage.jpg
```

There is also a live webcam-feed inference example.

```bash
run_webcam.bat
```

### About

The [MiDas network](https://github.com/intel-isl/MiDaS) and the pre-trained weights are part of the [Intel ISL](https://github.com/intel-isl). This repository just adds some scripts and utilties to work with it.
